Live for Speed 0.6V
===================


Welcome to Live for Speed - www.lfs.net


Important
---------
This is Live for Speed.

By installing this software you agree to the following:

- Live for Speed is in continual development.  Features may be
added, updated or removed at any time.  Some functional but
incomplete features may be included in order to enhance the
variety and content of the simulator.

- This software comes with no warranties of any kind.

- You install and use this software at your own risk.  The
developers of Live for Speed can not accept any responsibility for
personal injury or damage to your computer system that may arise
during the use of the software.

- The DEMO content is given to all people to use, free of charge.
The LOCKED content is for appropriately licensed users only.  You
must not make any attempt to gain access to the locked content, or
help anyone else to do so, other than by purchasing a license and
using the in-game unlocking screen.

Thank you.


Unlocking the Full Version
--------------------------
When you first run this S3 version, you will only have access to the
DEMO content: 3 cars and 1 track area.

An S1, S2 or S3 license allows you to unlock more content and features.

With an S1 license you can unlock 6 extra cars and 3 extra track areas.

An S2 license includes the S1 license, and allows you to unlock a
further 11 cars and 3 track areas.  Total: 20 cars and 7 track areas.

Sn S3 license includes the S2 license, and allows you to unlock the
laser scanned Rockingham race track which has 11 configurations.


Documents and Manual (files are in the docs folder)
--------------------
Command line options - Commands.txt
Text commands        - Commands.txt
Keys reference       - Keys.pdf
Autocross editor     - Autocross.txt
Programmer interface - InSim.txt
Online manual        - www.lfsmanual.net


VR
--
After starting LFS: Options - View - 3D (at the top of the screen)
Select VR headset then Oculus Rift or OpenVR and click OK

You can also start LFS in VR mode using a command line parameter
e.g. LFS.exe /vr=rift or LFS.exe /vr=openvr


Game controllers
----------------
To set up one or more game controllers:

1) In LFS Options - Controls - select "wheel / joystick" (at the top)
2) Select combined or separate axes to match your controller's settings
3) Select the button functions and press buttons to assign
4) Press the button "Axes / FF" to assign axes
5) Click on the function you wish to assign to an axis
6) Move the controller to see which axis to assign
7) Click on the button next to that axis, to assign the function
8) You may need to invert some of the axes by clicking "invert"
9) To use a shifter, select the correct shift mode and assign gears


Replay Analyser File
--------------------
This feature is provided for use in external analyser applications.
It stores data from one lap of driving.

- USER information:

Press ESC while viewing the car in a replay, on the lap BEFORE the
lap you wish to analyse.  Click on "Output lap data" and enter the
name of the output file.  This file will be saved in a "raf" folder.
Use an external application to open the .raf files (not supplied).

The file will be created when the car crosses the start line and
will be closed when the car crosses it again 1 lap later.

- PROGRAMMER information can be found at www.lfs.net


Translation
-----------
To create a language pack:

- First run LFS.  In Options - Game hold SHIFT and click on "English".
  This will create a file "data\language\English.txt".  Rename the file
  to the name of your language.

- Your language can now be edited in a text editor.

- Load your language in Options - Game.  Reload any time with SHIFT+F5.

- The help.txt file can also be edited.  In the data\language folder,
  copy the file help.txt to a new file help_XXX.txt (where XXX.txt is
  the name of your language file).

- If you plan to make a new translation, we recommend that you contact
  us about it.  We now have a special online translation system and may
  be able to set up your language for you to edit online.


Controlling LFS from another program - InSim
Motion Simulator Support             - OutSim
External Dashboard Support           - OutGuage
-----------------------------------------------
The InSim, OutSim and OutGuage systems are
documented in the InSim.txt file in the docs folder.


Thanks
------
Thanks to all hosts and racers for your support.


Copyright
---------
(c) 2002-2021 Scawen Roberts, Eric Bailey, Victor van Vlaardingen